In this lab, we will build the foundation for our eventual "swarm sensor array" project later in the quarter. You will submit a document containing simple schematics and code as well as perform a live demonstration create a video (linked via GoogleDrive/OneDrive w/ permissions for "anyone with link" to view).

The video should be a single video that goes through each part. The overall video should not be longer than 5 minutes total. If you need to recompile your code for each part (not ideal, but fine for this lab), you may want to edit/pause your video to remove the compiling part.

Part 1 (60 points)

Connect the RGB Light Sensor on ESP32
Read sensor values once every second
Display the values on the IDE console window
Turn the onboard LED ON if the average value in a window of X (e.g. 2) seconds is higher than a threshold of Y (e.g. 150 - or pick another value you can justify/document)
Part 2 (20 points)

Connect 3 external LEDs to ESP32
Display the intensity of light from the RGB Sensor on 3 external LEDs using various patterns (e.g. low -> green LED on, medium -> yellow LED on, high -> red LED on)
Document your value thresholds and justify
Part 3 (20 points)

Flash (instead of just ON) onboard LED if the average value in a sliding window of X (e.g. 2) seconds is higher than a threshold of Y (e.g. 150 or the value you picked earlier)
The higher the readings, the faster it flashes
Optional Advanced Ideas (0 points)

Display values from Part 1 also on an LED panel
Add/use a button to switch between parts 1, 2, and 3 so you do not have to reprogram/recompile for each part
Display on the IDE/LED panel which part of the program is running
 

Document/Submission Guidelines:
Submit your final source code file(s)
Submit 1 file (pdf format) with the following sections (along with 1 video link for demonstration):
Part 1:
Brief description of the schematic & code (1-3 sentence summary of this part).
A simple wiring schematic showing the RGB sensor & ESP along with labeled connections. A legible hand-drawn schematic is sufficient for full credit. A CAD designed schematic is preferred for those wanting a more professional presentation.
Annotated screenshot of code for this part describing relevant parts
Part 2:
Brief description of the schematic & code (1-3 sentence summary of this part).
A simple wiring schematic showing the LED sensors & ESP along with labeled connections. A legible hand-drawn schematic is sufficient for full credit. A CAD designed schematic is preferred for those wanting a more professional presentation.
Annotated screenshot of code for this part describing relevant parts
Part 3:
Brief description of the schematic & code (1-3 sentence summary of this part).
A simple wiring schematic showing the final design with RGB sensor, LED sensors, & ESP along with labeled connections. A legible hand-drawn schematic is sufficient for full credit. A CAD designed schematic is preferred for those wanting a more professional presentation.
Annotated screenshot of code for this part describing relevant parts
